Dashboard + PG IaSQL functions in favor of CLI (#32)
iasql/docs: docs/ECS Fargate Tutorials/typeorm.md

   There are two parts to each [access key](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-sec-cred-types.html#access-keys-and-secret-access-keys), which you’ll see in the IAM console/CLI after you create it, an id and a secret. Input these in the connect account modal:

   <img width={440} src={require('@site/static/screenshots/connect-manual.png').default} />

  If you use the [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/), you can look at the [credentials configured locally](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdkref/latest/guide/file-location.html). In macOS and Linux this is as simple as:

  ```bash
  $ cat ~/.aws/credentials
  [default]
  aws_access_key_id = <YOUR_ACCESS_KEY_ID>
  aws_secret_access_key = <YOUR_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY>
  ```
  You will be able to see your PostgreSQL connection information when you press Connect.

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

<img width={440} src={require('@site/static/screenshots/credentials.png').default} />

Make sure to copy the PostgreSQL connection string as you will not see it again.

## Add the necessary cloud services to the hosted database

> 1. Install `psql` in your command line by following the instructions for your corresponding OS [here](https://www.postgresql.org/download/). Remember that many different clients can be used to [connect](/connect) to a PostgreSQL database.

Reviewer: I think I'd rearrange this like:

```suggestion
1. Many different clients can be used to [connect](/connect) to a PostgreSQL database. For this tutorial, we'll use the standard `psql` CLI client. If you need to install `psql`, follow the instructions for your corresponding OS [here](https://www.postgresql.org/download/).
```

Author: 💯

5. Apply the changes described in the hosted db to your cloud account

```sql title="psql postgres://d0va6ywg:nfdDh#EP4CyzveFr@db.iasql.com/_4b2bb09a59a411e4 -c"
SELECT * from iasql_apply();
```

If the function call is successful, it will return a virtual table with a record for each cloud resource that has been created, deleted or updated.

```sql
 action |    table_name       |   id   |      description      
--------+---------------------+--------+-----------------------
 create | public_repository   |      2 | quickstart-repository
 create | cluster             |      2 | 2
 create | task_definition     |      2 | 2
 create | service             |      2 | 2
 create | listener            |      2 | 2
 create | load_balancer       |      2 | 2
 create | target_group        |      2 | 2
 create | security_group      |      5 | 5
 create | security_group_rule |      3 | 3

>  create | security_group_rule |      4 | 4

Author: needs https://github.com/iasql/iasql-engine/issues/575
